Added scripts for Finding and deleting unused images (#2540)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: scripts/README.md

# Steps for finding and deleting unused images

## Prerequisites
- Node.js with version 20 and more is required to execute the scripts.

## 1. Navigate to the *scripts* folder:

> - Create a main directory, In the main directory please clone your *c8y-docs* repository.

Reviewer: What main directory? Do you mean on the desktop?

> - Open the *c8y-docs* folder and look for the *scripts* folder. In the scripts folder, Finding_unused_images.js and Delete_unused_images.js files are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the *c8y-docs* folder and navigate to the *scripts* folder. In the scripts folder the files *Finding_unused_images.js* and *Delete_unused_images.js* are stored.
```

## 2. Copy the JavaScriipt Files:

> - Copy the *Finding_unused_images.js* and *Delete_unused_images.js* files and come back to your main directory.

Reviewer: remove bulleted list. We have two steps, they can stand as a paragraph

> - Paste the  *Finding_unused_images.js* and *Delete_unused_images.js* files back into the main directory under the *c8y-docs* folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Paste the  *Finding_unused_images.js* and *Delete_unused_images.js* files back into the main directory below the *c8y-docs* folder.
```

## 3. Run the script to find unused images:

> - Open your windows command line prompt(cmd.exe) or Git Bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open your windows command line prompt (cmd.exe) or Git Bash
```

Reviewer: What about people that do not use Windows?

> - In the Command line or Git Bash, Navigate to your main project directory where *c8y-docs*, *Finding_unused_images.js*, and *Delete_unused_images.js* are located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the command line or Git Bash, navigate to your main project directory where the folder *c8y-docs*, as well as the files *Finding_unused_images.js*, and *Delete_unused_images.js* are located.
```

> - To identify unused images, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To identify any unused images, run the following command:
```

    ```
    node Finding_unused_images.js
    ```
  **Note:** If Node.js with version 20 and more is not installed, the above command will fail to execute as it relies on Node.js to run JavaScript files

- After the script executes, you see a newly generated file named *unused_images.csv*. This file contains a list of all the unused images in the current project.

## 4. Run the script to delete unused images:
- To run the deletion script execute:

    ```
    node Delete_unused_images.js
    ```

- The script deletes all the unused images listed in the *unused_images.csv* file.

## 5. Verification:

> After deleting the unused images, run the *Finding_unused_images.js* script again to confirm that the unused images have been successfully removed. This updates the *unused_images.csv* file, allowing you to see the updated list of unused images after deletion.

Reviewer: What happens now? Are the images deleted? Does the user have to take another step?

> # Steps for Finding and Deleting Unused Images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Steps for finding and deleting unused images
```

> # Steps for finding and deleting unused images

Reviewer: Name the prerequisites you need for this process.

> ## 1. Navigate to the `c8y-docs` Folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 1. Navigate to the *c8y-docs* folder:
```

Reviewer 2: Where should I do that?

> - Open the *c8y-docs* folder, then locate the *scripts* folder. This is where the necessary scripts for finding and deleting unused images are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the *c8y-docs* folder and navigate to the *scripts* folder. This is where the necessary scripts for finding and deleting unused images are stored.
```

Reviewer: Where do I open it? What do I need to navigate to it (Git bash, command line, Explorer)

> - Open the `c8y-docs` folder, then locate the `scripts` folder. This is where the necessary scripts for finding and deleting unused images are stored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open the *c8y-docs* folder, then locate the *scripts* folder. This is where the necessary scripts for finding and deleting unused images are stored.
```

> ## 2. Copy the scripts:

Reviewer: Note where you are "In the scripts folder select the file XYZ"

> ## 2. Copy the Scripts:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 2. Copy the scripts:
```

> - Copy the `Finding_unused_images.js` and `Delete_unused_images.js` scripts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Copy the *Finding_unused_images.js* and *Delete_unused_images.js* scripts.
```

> - Paste them under the *c8y-docs* folder.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if I get this. Where exactly should I locate the scripts and where should I copy them to? Does this refer to the folder on my local machine?  For me it reads as if I copy them to the same place where they already are.

> - Paste them under the `c8y-docs` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Paste them under the *c8y-docs* folder.
```

> ## 3. Run the Script to Find Unused Images:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 3. Run the script to find unused images:
```

> - Open the command prompt (or terminal).

Reviewer: what terminal? Git Bash?

> - Navigate to your project directory using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To navigate to your *c8y-docs* project directory use the command:
```

   ```
    cd your_filepath
    ```

>     **Note:** Make sure you navigate to the folder where *c8y-docs*, *Finding_unused_images.js*, and *Delete_unused_images.js* are located.

Reviewer: what happens when you do not navigate to this folder using the command above?

>     **Note:** Make sure you navigate to the folder where `c8y-docs`, `Finding_unused_images.js`, and `Delete_unused_images.js` are located.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Make sure you navigate to the folder where *c8y-docs*, *Finding_unused_images.js*, and *Delete_unused_images.js* are located.
```

- To identify unused images, run the following command:

    ```
    node Finding_unused_images.js
    ```

>     **Note:** Ensure Nodejs is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure that you have Nodejs installed.
```

>     **Note:** Ensure Node.js is installed with version 20 and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** Ensure Node.js is installed with version 20 or higher.
```

>      Make sure that you have Nodejs installed with version 20 and more.

Reviewer: This should be under the heading as a prerequisite "For this step you need Nodejs with version 20 or higher"

> - After the script executes, a file named `unused_images.csv` will be generated. This file contains a list of all the unused images in the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- After the script executes, a file named *unused_images.csv* will be generated. This file contains a list of all the unused images in the project.
```

> - After the script executes, a file named *unused_images.csv* will be generated. This file contains a list of all the unused images in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the script executes, you see a newly generated file named *unused_images.csv*. This file contains a list of all the unused images in the current project.
```

> ## 4. Run the Script to Delete Unused Images:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 4. Run the script to delete unused images:
```

> - Open the command prompt and navigate to the `c8y-docs` folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Open the command prompt and navigate to the *c8y-docs* folder:
```

    ```
    cd your_filepath
    ```

> - Run the deletion script by executing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run the deletion script execute:
```

    ```
    node Delete_unused_images.js
    ```

> - The script will delete all the unused images listed in the `unused_images.csv` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The script will delete all the unused images listed in the *unused_images.csv* file.
```

> - The script will delete all the unused images listed in the *unused_images.csv* file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The script deletes all the unused images listed in the *unused_images.csv* file.
```

## 5. Verification:

> After deleting the unused images, you can run the `Finding_unused_images.js` script again to confirm that the unused images have been successfully removed. Running the script will update the `unused_images.csv` file, allowing you to see the updated list of unused images after deletion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After deleting the unused images, you can run the *Finding_unused_images.js* script again to confirm that the unused images have been successfully removed. Running the script will update the *unused_images.csv* file, allowing you to see the updated list of unused images after deletion.
```

> After deleting the unused images, you can run the *Finding_unused_images.js* script again to confirm that the unused images have been successfully removed. Running the script will update the *unused_images.csv* file, allowing you to see the updated list of unused images after deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deleting the unused images, run the *Finding_unused_images.js* script again to confirm that the unused images have been successfully removed. This updates the *unused_images.csv* file, allowing you to see the updated list of unused images after deletion.
```
